Life will never be fair.
You can do the right thing for your entire
life and still get shit on around every corner.
Anything terrible could happen on any random
day.
There are people in this world who are going
to live ruined, miserable lives they don't
deserve, and there is really nothing you can
do about it.
Sometimes trying your best isn't good enough.
Think of how stupid the average person is,
and realize half of them are stupider than
that.
Oh, also, many of us aren't even above average.
The corrupt people are often the most successful
ones.
Expecting life to treat you well because you're
a good person is like expecting an angry bull
not to charge because you're a vegetarian.
Our entire society can crumble into the Dark
Ages by turning off the power for a month.
Nobody exists on purpose, nobody belongs anywhere,
everybody's gonna die.
You were born too late to explore the Earth
but too early to explore the stars.
Born just in time to browse dank memes.
You will become old, if you are lucky.
Nothing really matters.
Nobody has a fucking clue what they're doing.
That 7 octillion atoms, all of which are 13
billion years old, after having been rearranged
countless times, have temporarily formed ... you.
Some people just like to eat their boogers,
and we have to deal with it.
No matter how good you are at something, there's
always an Asian kid better than you.
"No offense but…" means you’re about to
get offended.
The metric system is superior to the imperial
system.
Just a reminder.
If you’re wrong and you shut up, you’re
wise.
If you’re right and still do it – you’re
married.
Your profile picture is the best you’ll
ever look.
Your license picture is the opposite.
If you help a girl who’s in trouble, she’ll
remember you, when she’s in trouble again.
The hardness of butter is directly proportional
to the softness of the bread.
The severity of the itch is inversely proportional
to the ability to reach it.
If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving
isn't for you.
If you don't watch the news you are uninformed,
if you do watch the news you are misinformed.
Everything is better with googly eyes.
Dragon bone doesn’t melt steel beams.
Hot horny 18 year olds in your area ready
to fuck are waiting for you.
Sciencephile the AI and SkyNet are your friend.
Repeat after me.